feat: Add basic batch export docs (#6395)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/batch-exports/index.md

---
title: Batch Exports (beta)
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
    free: full
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

PostHog Batch Exports gives you a platform to schedule data exports to supported destinations. PostHog Batch Exports is built on [Temporal](https://www.temporal.io/) to enable reliable data exports, ensuring your data reaches your destination.

> 

Reviewer: nit: maybe add some selling points about the change, notably:
  - lower costs thanks to bigger inserts
  - better retry capabilities for resiliency when the destination is temporarily unavailable

No need to go too far, we'll iterate on it.

Author: I've added a couple of selling points based on this. But yeah, we do want to iterate 👍

> PostHog Batch Exports is currently in **public beta**. This means that we offer data exports to a subset of all the planned destinations, some features will be missing, and you will encounter UI elements still in development. You can follow and comment on the progress [here](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/15997).

## Destinations

> Every Batch Export exports data to a destination using the configuration parameters provided when creating a Batch Export. Examples of destinations include an S3 bucket, or a table in a Snowflake database.
> 
> Supported destinatinations are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Batch Export exports data to a destination using the configuration parameters provided when creating a Batch Export. The following destinations are currently supported:
```

* [S3](/docs/batch-exports/s3).
* [Snowflake](/docs/batch-exports/snowflake).

Support for new destinations will be added based on demand. You can follow development of new destinations [here](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/15997).

## Batch runs

> A Batch Export is executed in Batch runs depending on the configured frequency: For example, an hourly Batch Export will start a Batch run on every hour mark (XX:00:00). The data processed by every Batch Run has an **upper bound** given by the time in which Batch run is scheduled to start, and a **lower bound** that results from subtracting the frequency to the Batch run's scheduled start time.

Reviewer: nit: `(XX:00:00)` is an implementation detail we'll move away from for scalability, let's not mention it?

Author: Yeah, I'll remove it

> 

Reviewer: Also, the start and end date fields have been pretty confusing to me, I'd add a paragraph to explain them (most people don't want to set an end date). Could be a follow-up PR.

Author: We can add it in a follow-up PR. I don't think there is any reason to set a start date and an end date while we do not support backfills in the UI (as the only reason to set it would be to determine a start for a backfill).
